# I18N
Allows the project to be internationalised.

## load
#### public static function load(mixed $src, array $arr=null)
Loads a new language definition. `$src` can either be a php file that returns
an array of the format `array('pack' => array('token' => 'string', ...))` or
the name of the locale, such as `en`. If the locale name is given as `$src`, you
then need to manually provide the language definition array as `$arr`. Each definition
contains one or more `packs` which are groups of `tokens` and corresponding `strings`.
An example of a pack would be **user**, which groups the tokens **login** and
**account** which have the corresponding strings 'Login' and 'View my account'. Will
return `true` if the definition successfully loaded, `false` otherwise.

!!! hint
    If you need an example of a language definition file, check the `tests/units/locales/`
    directory of the project, there are 2 examples `en.php` and `ge.php`.

## e (echo)
#### public static function e(string $token, array $vars=null)
Echo's the localised string. The format for `$token` is `pack.token`. For example,
`I18N::e('user.login')` will echo the string associated with the `login` token inside
of the `user` pack. An optional array of arguments `$vars` can be passed in which
will replace any tokens formatted as `{0..n}` in the localised string. For example,
if the string associated with `user.welcome` was `Hello {0}, welcome to {1}!`,
and you called `I18N::e('user.welcome', ['Tristan', 'Bantam'])`, the echo'd string would be
`Hello Tristan, welcome to Bantam!`.

## r (return)
#### public static function r(string $token, array $vars=null)
Will return the localised string. Please see `e (echo)` above for usage examples.

## setLocale
#### public static function setLocale(string $loc='en')
Will set the current locale to the specified `$loc` given. If the provided locale
is invalid or empty, it will default to `en`.

## getLocale
#### public static function getLocale()
Returns the currently set locale.
